Check for Latest Atmos Version (#533)
cloudposse/atmos: website/docs/cli/commands/version.md

This will show the CLI version.

<br/>

:::tip
To find the latest version of Atmos, go to the [releases](https://github.com/cloudposse/atmos/releases) page on GitHub.

> For help with installing newer version of Atmos, check out our [installation](/quick-start/install-atmos) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For help with installing the latest version of Atmos, check out our [installation](/quick-start/install-atmos) page.
```
